iPinpointing the sort of bosom malignancy for exact treatment
Sravani
magulurisravani94@gmail.com
Vignan’s Institute of Information Technology, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh
ABSTRACT
The second-largest cause of carcinoma death is breast
carcinoma in woman. The Breast carcinoma development is
one multi-stage cycle that requires many cell types, and its
detection remains challenging worldwide. One of the best
approaches to avoiding this disorder is Fast treatment with
cancer in breasts. In the past decade, there have been
significant progress over identifying breast cancer and
improving prevention approaches. Pathogenicity in breast
carcinoma stem cells and tumor drug resistant mechanisms
are shown and many genes associated with the disease are
found. In this analysis, we will sum up how breast cancer is
defined and which category it belongs to through order to
provide specific treatment and medications to promote rapid
recovery. Identification of the form will allow us to recognize
the drug to react and get rid of. Through using the dataset as
feedback, we use it to differentiate if it is non-invasive /
invasive. When it falls under non-invasive, we use the subcategory to define that it fits under DCIS / LCIS. If it falls
under invasive, we use it to classify that sub-category,
whether it falls under IDC / ILC / OTHER Forms. we will
sum up the concept of breast cancer and its diagnosis and
include therapies and medicines that help a quick recovery.
Identification of the type will allow us to identify and get rid
of the medication.
Keywords: Breast, Carcinoma, DCIS, Ductal, Differentiate,
IDC, ILC, Invasive, LCIS, Lobular, Non-Invasive
1. INTRODUCTION
Breast carcinoma is the major form of carcinoma in patients
who experience from lung carcinoma. Breast cancer is
metastatic cancer and can often be spread to remote organs
including brain, lung, liver and bone that are primarily
responsible for its irremediable. Preliminary prediction will
lead to a good diagnosis and a high percentage of survival. For
women, the bulk of breast cancer exists and 100 times more
cases than those of men for women. Cancer arises when the
defense state fails and / or the number of cells generated
becomes too large to cure the disease.. In some conditions,
There may be very high rates of Genetic and RNA mutations,
for example: insalubrious climate (due to pollution, toxic
materials, etc.), poor diet (unhealthy cell setting). Symptoms
may include breast lumps, breast shape shifts, dimple skin,
fluids streaming from the breast, a newer-inverted breast, or a
dark or lumpy skin spot, bone discomfort, swelling glands,
difficulty breathing, or rusty skin may be observed in patients
with a distant distribution of the disorder. Several other
variables as age, body weight, malnutrition and lack of
physical activity may lead to developing this disorder, alcohol
intake, genetic differences and HRT.
Despite the truth, in perimeter and postmenopausal years,
people are more prone to die from breast cancer, so a particular
attempt must be made to reduce the prevalence so deaths from
breast cancer in a specific population. Our work was aimed at
analyzing developments in breast cancer and classifying its
type. Included in our research is epidemiological details on
breast cancer for all ages – from 1970 to 2019.
A cancer may be benign (not harmful for its health) or
malignant (harmful). This is also likely. The cells look in their
usual form, expand gradually and do not overwhelm, migrate
to, or enter adjacent areas. Benign cancers are not recognized
as cancer. Cancerogeneity in malignant tumors. Uncontrolled
malignant cells will gradually spread to other areas of the body
outside the initial tumour.
Fig. 1: Analyzing The Worst Across
Different Dimensions
Tissue of the breast comprises of lobules, canals and nipples.
Tree tree example, the primary sources and the lesser radiation.
Comparison. Breast cancer grows in cells most often from the
milk pipe lining and lobules that provide milk for these canals.
Sravan;i International Journal of Advance Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology
© 2020, www.IJARIIT.com All Rights Reserved Page |122
Duct carcinomas are known as ductal tumours, whereas lobular
tumours are believed to arise from lobules. The detection of
breast cancer is verified by the usage of a biopsy of the tissue
in question. When the patient is diagnosed, further scans are
done to assess if the cancer has progressed beyond the breast,
which category of breast cancer it refers to, and the therapies
are more likely to be successful.
Breast comprises two major tissue types, namely glandular
tissue and stromal tissues (supporting tissue). The milk
production glands (lobules) and the ducts (milk pathways) are
contained by glandular tissues, while fatty and fibrous
connective breast tissues are contained in stromal tissue.
1.1. Decision Tree Algorithm:
A decision tree is a plant-like system of fluctuations where the
function (or attributes) is the internal node, the branch is a
decision law and every leaf node is a decision. You may make
choices with this complex diagram type. Visualization is like a
metaphor which rapidly imitates human thinking. That is why
decision-making trees are easy to recognize.
We will undertake the following two phases in the
implementation of the decision tree:
Building phase: Dataset pre-processing, train classifier splitting
the train dataset and testing using Python sklearn software.
Stage of operations: Predict, precision estimate.
The core principle behind every decision tree algorithm is this:
• Choose the right characteristics for grouping documents
using ASM.
• Build a vector of the decision node and split it into smaller
subsets.
• Start tree construction by carrying out this procedure
recursively for every child until there is one condition:
• The value is the same scale as the two tuples.
a) No other features are available.
b) No more instances are available.
2. LITERATURE SERVEY
Bibliometric research can be carried out in many fields with
various reasons and can be used to expose recent trends in the
field. A structural study of breast cancer literature has been
performed health outcomes in all stages of breast cancer
care, diagnosis, early detection, local therapy, including
primary prevention, adjuvant therapy, survival and dying
experience, metastatic disease treatment. A combination of
main terms, quality of life, the research techniques covered
breast cancer, breast carcinomas, forms of breast cancer, breast
cancer treatment, breast cancer development and sub-grouping
of terms. This was a consequence of the search strategy. Fast
breast cancer diagnosis is the secret to healing.
In this analysis, the functionality of a visual picture of a fine
niddle suction of a breastmass is measured. A thin niddle is
inserted into an region of irregular tissue (or body fluid) in the
body. Like with other forms of biopsy, the sample obtained
during fna can help to diagnose (or rule out) conditions such as
cancer.
MR Ataollahi and J Sharifi has been described on the citation :
Breast cancer and associated factors: a review : The report
discussed the various types of breast cancer and its related
causes. This has been established that breast cancer was and
remains one of the most prevalent and growing malignancies.
It has extensive knowledge regarding risk factors, disease risks
and we have details in this article about the likelihood of
elderly disease. Various cancer forms have different risk
factors. Some of these factors can be changed, depending on
lifestyle, such as cigarette-smoking , alcohol use and diet.
Factors such as age , race , gender and family history are
nevertheless fixed and immutable. It does not automatically
mean that one or more of these risk factors was involved.
Yi-Sheng Sun and Zhao Zhao has been described on the
citation : Risk Factors and Preventions of Breast Cancer : This
paper provides information about oncogenes and antioncogenes mutations and abnormal amplification that play a
major function in tumor development and growth. The
mechanisms of protection, including research, chemical
protection and biological prevention, are more straightforward
and efficient than in the past. Nowadays, with the cost
reduction in DNA sequencing, human genome sequencing
could be available to middle-class communities, so this may be
a revolutionary tool for breast carcinoma prevention.
Ganesh N. Sharma and Rahul Dave has been described on the
citation : Various Types And Management Of Breast Cancer :
An Overview : We also had information in this article on the
forms and the past of breast carcinoma. Breast carcinoma is
primarily invasive and non-invasive by two forms according to
the characteristics. Non-invasive comes under type 0 which is
currently not cancerous in the future. Invasive is cancerous
depending on the signs and may be classified as a subtype. It
often provides details about the risk factors and the likelihood
of cancer arising. When several of the patient's family
members have different kinds of cancer, they might be more
likely to experience breast cancer with a woman.
Necessary knowledge was gathered throughout this article via
a literature review and keywords (cancer, breast cancer,
chromosome, gene, quality of life, gender, risk factors,
prevention, advancement, treatment methodologies, incidence,
income, sex, weight, alcohol , tobacco, menopause, biology,
cytokine, and mortality) throughout reputable science
databases such as SID, Google Scholar, and detailed.
3. BACKGROUND AND ASSUMPTIONS
Multiple grading systems classify breast cancers which affect
the predictions of each and can influence treatment response.
Specific patterns of DNA methylation between normal and
tumor- microenvironments have been observed, indicating that
epigenetic modifications in the tumor microenvironment may
promote carcinogenesis. A recent growth, escape and
recurrence of a new form of malignant tumor cell named CSCs
is being established and linked with tumor production.
3.1 Types
Breast cancers are of multiple types, and they are defined in
several different ways. During a testing of breast cancer it is
possible to get lost. The type of breast cancer is defined by the
different cells that are infected within the breast. Breast
carcinoma can start in several areas of the breast — the ducts,
the lobules, or the intermediate tissue in some cases.
Table 1: Subgrouping of Breast Cancer And Its Probability
Subtypes Further
classification
Important
markers Probability
NONINVASIV
E
DCIS
Within
ducts,irregular
shape,doesn't
spread to
surrounding
90%
Sravan;i International Journal of Advance Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology
© 2020, www.IJARIIT.com All Rights Reserved Page |123
tissue,unicentric
origin, stage0
LCIS
Within
lobules,irregular
shape,doesn't
spread to
surrounding
tissue,multicent
ric origin,stage0
10%
INVASIV
E
IDC
Within
ducts,irregular
shape, spread to
surrounding
tissue
80%
ILC
Within
lobules,single
file like
structure,spread
to surrounding
tissue
10-15%
TUBULAR
Tube like
structure, softer
texture,very rare
2%
MUCINOUS
Well
circumscribed
mass,medium
texture,higher
radius
Rare
CARCINOM
A WITH
MEDULLA
RY
FEATURES
Sheet like
structure,forms
distint
boundaries
between tumor
and normal
tissue
5%
INVASIVE
PAPILLAR
Y
Finger like
structure,bloody
nipple
discharge,abnor
mal mass
0.50%
OTHER Very rare types 5%
3.1.1 Non-Invasive Carcinoma: Non-invasive tumors exist in
the breast with milk canals or lobules. They don't expand into
usual tissues or attack them within or outside the breast. Even
non-invasive carcinoma ("in the same spot") or pre-cancer is
called carcinoma in-situ. Non-invade breast cancer consists of
two distincted individuals include: ductal cancer in-situ
(DCIS) and lobulary cancer in-situ (LCIS).
3.1.2 Lobulary carcinoma in-situ(LCIS): LCIS is typically
asymptomatic, and is observed with certain results as an
accidental result on breast biopsy. LCIS is an irregular area(s)
of cell development that raises an individual's risk for invasive
breast carcinoma further in life. Lobular implies that
anomalous cells in the lobules continue to expand. In situ or in
the original position is to persist in the lobule, abnormal
development and not to expanded to the cells. 6-15 % of all
breast cancer types are LCIS.
3.1.3 Ductal carcinoma in-situ(DCIS): DCIS is usually
asymptomatic when only diagnosed in an anomalous
mammogram. DCIS is often referred to as intraductal
carcinoma or stage 0 cancer. The cells that form the ducts have
converted to cancer cells, this did not extend across the walls
of ducts to the outer breast tissue. DCIS is not life-threatening,
although the chance of aggressive breast cancer may be raised
later with DCIS. A red, pink tinged, transparent or serous
random discharge from the nipple in action may be a
presenting sign. People develop DCIS and are therefore more
willing to revisit or develop a new breast cancer than someone
who has will ever have breast cancer. Women with DCIS
without radiation treatment or breast-conserving surgery
(lumpectomy) are around 25%-30% likely to suffer recurrence
in the future. LCIS constitutes 23-25 percent of all forms of
breast LCIS
3.1.4 Invasive Carcinoma: Cancer that extends through the
tissue layer where it forms and expands into healthy tissues in
the surrounding area. Often referred to as cancer invasion.
Types of invasive carcinoma are
3.1.5 Invasive Ductal Carcinoma: Invasive ductal carcinoma
(IDC) is a tumor which has begun to develop in a milk duct
and has penetrated fibrous or fatty breasts outside the duct. It is
also known as infiltrative ductal carcinomas. IDC is by far the
most commonly diagnosed cancer of the breast and constitutes
between 70% or 80% among all cases of breast cancer. IDC is
still the most prevalent form of breast cancer for males.
Table 2 : Difference B/W DCI And LCIS
DCIS LCIS
Structure involved Ducts Lobules
Type of subsequent
cancer
Ductal Ductal(or)lobular
Breast at risk Ipsilateral
breast Either breast
Laterality Unilateral Often bilateral
N.o of sites of origin Unicentric Multicentric
Clinical sign Mass,pain,
Discharge None
A mammogram can reveal a suspicious mass that leads to
further tests. During breast self-examination, a woman often
can notice a lump or mass. The precise type of cancer and the
level of therapy for all cases of IDC is defined. Types of IDC
are
3.1.6 Tubular Carcinoma: Tubular breast cancer is a
mutation of invade ductal carcinoma . Small (about 1 cm or
less), rod-shaped structures called "bone" usually consist of
tubular carcinomas. These tumors are typically low-grade,
which means they have a similar appearance to regular, healthy
cells and are gradually developing. While tubular carcinoma
can occur at all ages, physicians mostly diagnose it in women
in the early 1950s. Carcinomas of the tubes in males are rare.
Simple tubular carcinoma typically does not grow beyond the
conduct and underlying tissue. A combination of tube shaped
structures and lobular carcinoma cells is a mixed tubular
carcinoma which makes it difficult to diagnose. About 1-4% of
all breast cancers were tubular carcinoma. Nevertheless, tubes
carcinomas are becoming more commonly used, even before
you or your doctor feel lump. Nevertheless, tube carcinomas
can be more frequently detected. For people with tubular
carcinoma, several treatment options are available
3.1.7 Medullary Carcinoma: Medullary breast carcinoma is a
rare type of IDC that represents 3-5 per cent of all diagnoses of
breast cancer. Which works differently from other forms of
cancer of the duct breast. While medullary tumors look
extremely violent, they develop gradually and never spread to
the lymph nodes. Plasma and advanced white blood cells, or
Sravan;i International Journal of Advance Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology
© 2020, www.IJARIIT.com All Rights Reserved Page |124
lymphocytes, accompany carcinoma tumors in the medullary
breast. Medullar carcinoma does not grow rapidly and does not
actually spread to the lymph glands outside of the breast.
While hormones take a part in the development of certain types
of sheep cancer, the medullary system tends to not cause
carcinomas. Genetic variations contribute to the production of
medullary carcinoma. The risk of developing medullary breast
carcinoma in patients with mutation in the BRCA1 gene may
be increased.
3.1.8 Mucinous Carcinoma: Colloid carcinoma is an rare
form of intrusive ductal carcinoma in breast carcinoma. This
constitutes 1 to 7% of all cancers of the breast. Pure mucinous
carcinomas of the breast are rare and account for only 2 percent
of all primary carcinomas. The tumor comprises of abnormal
cells that "float" for mucinal pools, a key components of the
sticky, fatty substance named mucus, for this form of cancer.
Nevertheless, mucinoma is part of the tumor and protects the
cells of breast cancer. This appears like cancer cells are spread
around pools of mucus under a microscope. Mucinogenic
carcinoma may be diagnosed at any age, but it appears to affect
women after menopause.
3.1.9 Papillary Carcinoma: Papillary cancer of the breast is a
very unusual form defined by about 1% of all invasive ductal
cancer cancers of the breast. The name comes from finger-like
projections or papules, seen as the cells are microscopically
presented. Cells with or without invasion that form
fibrovascular nuclei are common features of tumor. The proof
provided indicates stronger outcomes in comparison to
aggressive ductal carcinoma for papillary carcinoma. In reality
the pathologist would also have to use a microscope for the
entire tumour in order to be confident of the condition even
whether the biopsy for cancer is negative.
3.1.10 Invasive Lobular Carcinoma: Invasive lobular
carcinoma seems to be the second commonest type of tumor
preceding ductal carcinoma in situ. (ILC), often referred to as
the infiltrating lobular carcinoma. Aggressive lobular
carcinomas represent about 10% of the aggressive breast
tumors. Invasive cancer indicates that the cells of the cancer
have originated from the lobule Where it originated and can
migrate to the lymph nodes and other areas of the body.
Although invasive lobular carcinoma at any age may cause
harm to women, it is more prevalent in older people. Invasive
lobular carcinoma is less prone to develop a solid or distinct
breast lump than other forms of breast cancer. A thickened
patch present at breast tissue is more likely to exist.
3.1.11 Other Types: Many other rare form of invasive
carcinoma are : Metastatic carcinoma, Inflammatory breast
cancer, Male breast cancer, Paget’s disease of the nipple,
Phylloides tumor, Triple negative breast cancer... Most of these
particular forms are very rare and can be handled easily. A
some rare forms are very aggressive and difficult to deal.
Cancer exists as such types can be present in milk conducts in
various locations, spreading to the surface of the nipple or
through connective tissue networks on the breast of the neck.
4. METHODOLOGY
4.1 Breast Cancer Dataset
Information package Preach that cancer is healthy or malignant
as a sample, so we use Breast Cancer Wisconsin. The
Properties in which a digitized image of the fine aspiration
needle (FNA) of the breast mass is included. We identify the
characteristics of the cell nuclei in the image. For each nucleus
ten real-valuation characteristical characteristics are calculated:
radius (mean distances between core and perimeter points);
texture (standard gray-scale deviation) The I d and the
diagnostic symptoms are excluded (the group element is the
latter). The last X (populated with NA values only) function is
also dropped. The density graph for the field plot is used to
represent both the density value and the separation degree of
the two sets of values in each direction of the field. There is no
complete distinction between all characteristics. We have
comparatively reasonable divisions for concave.points,
concavity worst, perimeter worst, area medium, and medium
perimeter. For a variety of properties, namely symmetry se,
smoothness se, we also have a close overlay. We also represent
the dispersion matrix with the pairs.
Fig. 2: Methodology
4.2 Decision Tree Algorithm
Decision trees use several algorithms to evaluate the division
of a node into a number or all of the subnodes. The creation of
sub-nodes enhances the uniformity of the subsequent subnodes. The integrity of the node decreases with respect to the
target element. The Decision Box splits the nodes into all
factors and then picks the fraction that corresponds to the most
stable subnodes. Here we used an ID3(Iterative Dichotomiser)
algorithm to create a decision tree. Using a greedy scan topdown method across the space of potential untracked branches.
Like the name implies, a gullible algorithm is still the perfect
alternative right now.
Move to the ID3 algorithm:
• Begins with the original collection of S as the root node.
• For each iteration of the algorithm, it runs through a very
unknown S-set attribute and calculates Entropy(H) and
Information gain(IG) of that attribute.
• So choose the attribute that has the smallest gain in Entropy
or Largest Data.
• Set S is divided by the selected attribute to generate a subset
of the tests.
• The algorithm begins to recur on each subset, considering
only attributes that have never been selected before.
We used the following formulas to solve this attribute selection
problem. A zero entropy division is a sheet unit, and a null
entropy bracket must be further split up.
Sravan;i International Journal of Advance Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology
© 2020, www.IJARIIT.com All Rights Reserved Page |125
Pj → Probability of an event j of state or Percentage of
class j in a node of state .
To measure the purity we use
Another thing to note is that Gini is not the only one assessing
cleanliness. Many others are worth mentioning, but the
following two.
ID3 algorithm uses information gain.
We divided data into types using the ID3 algorithm, based on its
functional values.
4.3 Classification Of Breast Cancer Data Set
After examining a few patients, we developed a dataset with
few features. For those that we use to segregate the benign and
the malignant. Whether it is benign, it means it is not
cancerous. When it is malignant, we use the procedure for
further analysis of which form it belongs to for successful
treatment. The following steps include precise details about
how we did the separation.
Carcinoma formed in milk ducts is composed as ductal
carcinoma if it arises in the lobules and is then referred to as
lobular carcinoma. Ductal & lobular carcinoma are also
classified into two separate categories based on spread to
adjacent tissues. As it extends to the neighboring tissue, it
comes under invasive conditions when it is adjusted to the
inside of the tissue, then to the non-invasive tissue. Invasive
DCs and lobular carcinomas can be referred to as invasive DCs
and invasive LCs, respectively. Ductal and lobular carcinoma
in situ (DCIS) and lobular in-situ (LCIS) should be alluded to
in non-invasive situations. With this IDC, ILC, DCIS and
LCIS, harder texture thresholds (39.28-20.01) have been set
according to our dataset analysis. The compactness of ILC and
LCIS was lower (0.1402-0.04605) and the compactness of
DCIS and IDC was higher (0.3454-0.1402). If the region varies
in the perimeter of the checkup, it is invasive otherwise it is
non-invasive.
In IDC, we had four other forms of Tubular Carcinoma (TC)
that are in tube with a smoother shape form (14.38-10.38), in
the case of papillary carcinoma(IPC), carcinoma with
medullary features(CMF), mutinous carcinoma(MC) has soft
texture(19.98-15.05), in this IPC it has smaller radius(19.45-
11.08) and in the case of MC and CMF it has higher radius for
CMF has lower compactness(0.1666-0.07864) and MC has
higher compactness(0.2768-0.1849). The remaining cases will
come under other types.
5. RESULTS
Selection of the function was performed on the dataset where
the sample code number attribute was removed. In order to
perform the decision tree ID3 data mining technique. The tree
created by ID3 can be used to classify whether the patient is of
which kind. Data mining techniques are based on the principle
of information entropy.
Every data attribute is used to make a decision by breaking the
data into smaller modules. This explores the normalized gain
of information (IG) (difference in entropy) resulting from the
selection of the attribute as a split point. The highest quality IG
is used at the root of the tree. The process is repeated until a
leaf node is generated for the tree that specifies the chosen
class attribute.
The findings show that ID3 classificators with a variety of
functionalities are a superior technique for diagnosis of breast
cancer and can be further enhanced to accurately predict the
same with more education info. The resulting decision tree
after description of histopathological forms
6. FUTURE WORK
In future data from different regions worldwide will be
collected and a more reliable and general overview model will
be developed for the diagnosis of breast cancer. We've focused
on only a few forms of histopathological separation processes
in more detail. The path to survival is early diagnosis of breast
cancer. Specific separation methods may be used to diagnose
each and every form in detail. By offering histopathological
separation may help to distinguish the exact form at an early
stage, there will be several opportunities for successful
diagnosis and effective recovery.
7. CONCLUSION
In women, breast cancer is the second major cause of death by
tumors. One of the best approaches to eliminate this disease is
by curing breast cancer early. Within this article, we will sum
up the concept of breast cancer and its diagnosis and include
therapies and medicines that help a quick recovery.
Identification of the type will allow us to identify and get rid of
the medication. Yet we have identified only few forms which
could provide simple recognition for far more unusual forms of
breast cancer, which may help to provide effective diagnosis
for fast and higher recovery opportunities.
8. REFERENCES
[1] Bio markers for the early detection of breast cancer:
when, What, and where?
Author links open overlay panel Victor V.Levenson
[2] Breast Cancer Detection and Diagnosis by Using
Mammographic Data: Systematic Review
Sravan;i International Journal of Advance Research, Ideas and Innovations in Technology
© 2020, www.IJARIIT.com All Rights Reserved Page |126
Syed Jamal Safdar Gardezi, PhD, Ahmed Elazab, PhD,
[...], and Tianfu Wang, PhD
[3] various types and management of breast cancer: an
overview
Ganesh N. Sharma, Rahul Dave, [...], and K. K Sharma
[4] A review of breast cancer awareness among women in
India: Cancer literate or awareness deficit?
Gupta, K. Shridhar, and P.K. Dhillon
[5] Cancer-Its various types along with causes, symptoms,
treatments and stages, in: cancer info guide. 2009. [15
Mar. 2010]. http://www.cancer-info-guide.com/
[6] Breast cancer process india, Breast cancer cost india,
Breast cancer, delhi India. Breast cancer information and
resources. 2010. Apr 13, [14 April
2010]. http://www.digforthecure.org/breast-cancerprocess-india-breast-cancer-cost-india-breast-cancerdelhi-india. html .
[7] Weigelt B, Horlings HM, Kreike B, Hayes MM,
Hauptmann M, Wessels LF, de Jong D, Van de Vijver
MJ, Van't Veer LJ, Peterse JL. Refinement of the breast
cancer classification by molecular characterization of
histological special types. J. Pathol. 2008 Oct;216(2):141-
50. [PubMed]
[8] Maluf HM, Koerner FC. Solid papillary carcinoma of the
breast. A form of withinductal carcinoma with endocrine
differentiation frequently associated with mucus
carcinoma. Am J Surg Pathol. 1995 Nov;19(11):1237–
44. [PubMed] [Google Scholar]
[9] What is breast cancer? Imaginis. 2008. Jun 11, [17 Mar
2010]. http://www.imaginis.com/breast-health/what-isbreast-cancer-2 .
[10]Types of breast cancer. Rethink breast cancer. 2003. [18
Mar.2010].
http://www.rethinkbreastcancer.com/types_of_breast_can
cer.html .
[11]Types of breast cancer. Abviva. 2009. [18 Mar.
2010]. http://abviva.com/1.html .
[12]Ductal breast cancer. Cancer studies. Mar. [28 Mar.
2010]. http://cancer-studies.com/ductal-breast-cancer .
[13]Fayed L. Types of breast cancer. About.com: Cancer.
2009. Jul 09, [20 Mar. 2010].
http://cancer.about.com/od/breastcancer/a/cancertypes.ht
m .
[14]Diet and Physical Activity: What's the Cancer
Connection? In: Prevention & Early Detection. 2009. Oct
09, [17 Mar.
2010]. http://www.cancer.org/docroot/PED/content/PED_
3_1x_Link_Between_Lifestyle_and_CancerMarch03.asp
.
[15]Breast cancer process india, Breast cancer cost india,
Breast cancer, delhi India. Breast cancer information and
resources. 2010. Apr 13, [14 April
2010]. http://www.digforthecure.org/breast-cancerprocess-india-breast-cancer-cost-india-breast-cancerdelhi-india. html .
[16]Stages of breast cancer, Breast cancer.org. 2010. Jan 21,
[20 Mar 2010].
http://www.breastcancer.org/symptoms/diagnosis/staging
.jsp .
[17]Breast cancer treatment, the breast cancerInfo.com. [21
Mar 2010].
http://thebreastcancerinfo.com/breast_cancer_treatment.ht
m .

`
